Update Section Validate your RBAC policy with YAML Validation (#177)
percona/everest-doc: docs/administer/rbac.md

    Yes
    ```

> Use the same command with the YAML file path for YAML file validation. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the same command with the YAML file path containing the `everest-rbac` ConfigMap. For example:
```
